README.adoc, before:

= FSL Community BSP

To get the BSP you need to have `repo` installed and use it as:

Install the `repo` utility:

[source,console]
$: mkdir ~/bin
$: curl http://commondatastorage.googleapis.com/git-repo-downloads/repo > ~/bin/repo
$: chmod a+x ~/bin/repo

Download the BSP source:

[source,console]
$: PATH=${PATH}:~/bin
$: mkdir fsl-community-bsp
$: cd fsl-community-bsp
$: repo init -u https://github.com/Freescale/fsl-community-bsp-platform -b krogoth
$: repo sync

At the end of the commands you have every metadata you need to start work with.

To start a simple image build:

[source,console]
$: source ./setup-environment build
$: bitbake core-image-minimal

You can use any directory to host your build.

The source code is checked out at `fsl-community-bsp/sources`.

== Contributing

To contribute to this layer you should send the patches for review to the mailing list.

Mailing list::
    https://lists.yoctoproject.org/listinfo/meta-freescale

Source code::
    https://github.com/Freescale/fsl-community-bsp-platform

When creating patches, please use something like:

[source,console]
$: git format-patch -s --subject-prefix='fsl-community-bsp-platform][PATCH' origin

When sending patches, please use something like:

[source,console]
$: git send-email --to meta-freescale@yoctoproject.org <generated patch>

== Using Development and Testing Branches

Replace the `repo init` command above with one of the following:

master:: For developers
+
[source,console]
$: repo init -u https://github.com/Freescale/fsl-community-bsp-platform -b master

master-next:: For intrepid developers and testers
+
Patches are typically merged into master-next and then are merged into master after a testing and comment period. It's possible that master-next has something you want or need. But it's also possible that using master-next breaks something that was working before. Use with caution.

[source,console]
$: repo init -u https://github.com/Freescale/fsl-community-bsp-platform -b master-next

Commit message:

README: Modified to be Ka-Ro specific
Modified the README.adoc to be more Ka-Ro specific, which in turn and
primarily represents the changes in git repositories and of the way
how to contribute.

README.adoc, after:

= Ka-Ro flavoured FSL Community BSP

To get the BSP you need to have `repo` installed and use it as:

Install the `repo` utility:

[source,console]
$: mkdir ~/bin
$: curl http://commondatastorage.googleapis.com/git-repo-downloads/repo > ~/bin/repo
$: chmod a+x ~/bin/repo

Download the BSP source:

[source,console]
$: PATH=${PATH}:~/bin
$: mkdir fsl-community-bsp
$: cd fsl-community-bsp
$: repo init -u https://github.com/karo-electronics/fsl-community-bsp-platform -b krogoth
$: repo sync

At the end of the commands you have every metadata you need to start work with.

To start a simple image build:

[source,console]
$: source ./setup-environment build
$: bitbake core-image-minimal

You can use any directory to host your build.

The source code is checked out at `fsl-community-bsp/sources`.

== Contributing

Ka-Ro has no mailing list to contribute to and patches specific to the Ka-Ro
flavour of this FSL Community BSP will in general not be accepted by the
FSL Community BSP.


Therefore it applies that:

To contribute to this layer you should send the patches for review to the
maintainer of this BSP, i.e. Ka-Ro. A list of these maintainers can be found
on the respective site.

=== Creating Patches

When creating patches, please use something like:

[source,console]
$: git format-patch -s --subject-prefix='fsl-community-bsp-platform][PATCH' origin

When sending patches, please use something like:

[source,console]
$: git send-email --to <insert-maintainer-here>@karo-electronics.de <generated patch>
